---
indexable: true
title: About
url: /about/
description:
  'Frank Harris is a coach and former product executive with over 20 years of
  experience building high-performing teams and products at companies like
  Slack, Etsy, and Google.'
---

Frank Harris is a coach and former product executive with over 20 years of
experience building teams and products at companies like Slack, Etsy, and
Google.

<div class="clearfix">
  <div class="about-image-container">
    <img src="/images/speaking.jpg" alt="Frank Harris" class="about-image scale-hover">
  </div>
</div>

Frank’s career spans engineering, design, and product leadership across
startups, scale-ups, and public companies. He’s known for combining deep
technical intuition with design sensibility and a sharp sense of product
strategy — a blend that shapes his coaching today.

As a self-taught engineer, Frank joined Google as a UX designer and created the
original transit icons for Google Maps — an early example of his ability to
bridge tech with human-friendly design.

He later joined Etsy as a product manager pre-IPO, where he played a pivotal
role in enhancing search and discovery and led the launch of a high-margin,
self-serve ad platform for sellers — one of their most successful revenue
initiatives.

Frank went on to hold VP roles at Betterment, Casper, InVision, and Slack,
leading cross-functional teams through periods of rapid growth, product
reinvention, and organizational change.

Today, he works with senior ICs, VPs, and founders as a coach — helping them
navigate complex leadership challenges, clarify strategy, and grow with
intention.

His practice is grounded in ICF-aligned coaching, supported by
[1:1 work](/coaching), tools like [Frankbot](https://tryfrank.chat) (his AI
coaching assistant), and [Frank Takeaways](https://franktakeaways.com/), a
weekly newsletter on product and leadership.

He lives in Brooklyn, NY with his wife, two young daughters, and an Italian
truffle dog that isn't of much use in the city.

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/hirefrank/">View full career on LinkedIn
&rarr;</a>
