---
title: 'Kitchen Rodeo'
summary:
  'A virtual cooking community that brought people together to cook, eat, and
  give back during the pandemic.'
date: 2020-03-20
emoji: üê¥
---

Kitchen Rodeo was an initiative I co-founded in 2020 in response to the
circumstances we all found ourselves in during the COVID-19 pandemic - at home,
with more time but less connection, and the need to feed ourselves. The idea was
to bring people together to distance-cook with friends, enjoy tasty food, and
give back to the community.

From late March 2020 to mid-2021, Kitchen Rodeo hosted over 80 virtual cooking
events, or "rodeos," featuring both amateur and professional chefs. These
interactive Zoom-based classes allowed participants to cook along, ask
questions, and share their progress. The best part was that 100% of the proceeds
from each rodeo went directly to a charity or restaurant employee fund chosen by
the host.

In just over a year, Kitchen Rodeo raised more than $175,000 for various causes.
Some of the longer-running rodeos, like the 20-hour focaccia class, demonstrated
the community's enthusiasm for coming together over shared culinary experiences.

The name "Kitchen Rodeo" was inspired by the fun, spontaneity, and participatory
nature of the format, as well as the idea that everyone could take their turn in
the ring. We believed that in a time of uncertainty and isolation, community and
creativity were more important than ever. Cooking was one of the great shared
human experiences, and we were excited to re-emphasize this through Kitchen
Rodeo.

My co-founders and I came from diverse backgrounds, including data science,
design, and the culinary industry. Together, we built Kitchen Rodeo into a
vibrant online community that brought people together over a shared love of food
and a desire to make a positive impact.

This project allowed me to combine my passions for cooking, community building,
and giving back. It showcased my ability to identify a need, create an
innovative solution, and execute on it with a talented team. Although Kitchen
Rodeo is no longer active, it was an incredibly rewarding and impactful endeavor
that I'm proud to have been a part of.

[Website](https://kitchen.rodeo)
